Update docs (#91)
osmosis-labs/mesh-security: docs/consumer/Converter.md

The converter is connected to the Provider chain via IBC and handles the various packets coming from it.

## Validator Updates Flow

> The Converter contract on the Provider chain will send validator updates to the Consumer chain via IBC packets,

Reviewer: The converter will send the current valset on channel ack in this version. I would not use the term "updates" here as it is a one time operation currently

so that the External Staking contract on the Provider can know if a given remote validator is active or not.

These packets are sent on IBC connection establishment.
TODO: Send validator updates dynamically, so that the Provider chain is kept up-to-date with the validator set on
the Consumer chain.

## Staking Flow

> Once the connection is established, the Provider can send various "virtual stake" messages to the Converter,

Reviewer: very important: please use channel not connection here
also IBC packets and not messages.

These are concrete terms used in IBC context.

which is responsible for processing them and normalizing amounts for the local "virtual staking" module. These
packets are sent via a dedicated channel between the Provider chain and the Consumer chain, to ensure

> that there are no other security assumptions (3rd party modules) involved in sending this critical staking

Reviewer: To be fair, there can be interceptors setup on the IBC stack on each chain but that is a different story. Just mentioning this to you not for the doc

We recommend using an (e.g. daily) TWAP on a DEX with good liquidity - ideally on the consumer chain,
but this implementation is left up to the particular chain it is being deployed on.

With this TWAP we convert e.g. 1 PROV to 18 CONS.

### Virtual Staking

Each Converter is connected 1:1 with a [Virtual Staking](./VirtualStaking.md) contract. This contract
manages the stake and has limited permissions to [call into a native SDK module](./GoModule.md)
to mint "virtual tokens" and stake them, as well as immediately unbonding them. The contract
ensures the delegations are properly distributed.

The Converter simply tells the Virtual Staking contract it wishes to bond/unbond N tokens
and that contract manages all minting of tokens and distribution among multiple validators.
We dig more into the mechanics of the Virtual Staking contract in the
[Virtual Staking](./VirtualStaking.md) document.

## Rewards Flow

Once per epoch, the Virtual Staking module will trigger rewards. This will generate a number of
messages to the Converter, specifying which validators the rewards belong to, along with the

> amounts of rewards. The Converter will send vouchers of the reward amounts to the Exteral Staking contract

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
amounts of rewards. The Converter will send vouchers of the reward amounts to the External Staking contract
```

ICS-20 tokens are referred to as vouchers. In this case it is just state that in a contract. IMHO it is important to distinguish between this and ICS-20 vouchers.

Reviewer 2: Good point, let's avoid the term vouchers.

over IBC. The actual tokens will be kept on the Converter, for later distribution.

> The External Staking contract on the Consumer chain will receive the vouchers of the amounts per

Reviewer: This sentence is too long. Just start with what the Ext Staking contract does. Maybe with an example?

validator, and will then inform in turn to the Converter of the proper distribution of rewards per user.

> This is done in this way because while the Consumer side knows the rewards per validator, the information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done in this way because while the Consumer side does not know anything about individual stakers. This is stored on the provider side with the distribution model.
```

about which delegators are staking with which validator is only known on the Provider side. Thus,
the Provider must inform the Consumer of the proper distribution of rewards.

> The Converter will then send the actual rewards to their respective owners.

Reviewer: ...in the chain's native token to the respective owners on the Consumer chain.

## Rebalancing Flow

Once per epoch, the Virtual Staking module will check if a rebalancing of staking amounts is required.

> This can happen once the max staking cap is reached on the Consumer. In this case, the Virtual Staking

Reviewer: Each epoch pending delegates/ undelegates are executed. The rebalancing on max cap is the edge case, I would say. Nevertheless important
